[RFC-0013] Flux CLI Plugin System (#5795)
fluxcd/flux2: rfcs/xxxx-cli-plugin-system/README.md

with a single command.

```bash
flux plugin update
```

#### Flux User Symlinks a Python Plugin

As a Flux user, I want to use [flux-local](https://github.com/allenporter/flux-local)
(a Python tool) as a Flux CLI plugin by symlinking it into the plugin directory.
Since flux-local is not a Go binary distributed via the catalog, I install it with
pip and register it manually.

```bash
uv venv
source .venv/bin/activate
uv pip install flux-local
ln -s "$(pwd)/.venv/bin/flux-local" ~/.fluxcd/plugins/flux-local
flux local test
```

Manually symlinked plugins show `manual` in `flux plugin list` and are skipped by
`flux plugin update`.

#### Flux User Discovers Available Plugins

As a Flux user, I want to search for available plugins so that I can extend my
Flux CLI with community tools.

```bash
flux plugin search
```

#### Plugin Author Publishes a Plugin

As a plugin author, I want to submit my tool to the Flux plugin catalog so that
Flux users can install it with `flux plugin install <name>`.

1. Release binary with GoReleaser (produces tarballs/zips + checksums)
2. Submit a PR to `fluxcd/plugins` with `plugins/<name>.yaml`

> 3. Subsequent releases are picked up by automated polling workflows

Reviewer: LGTM!

```yaml
apiVersion: cli.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
kind: Plugin
name: operator
description: Flux Operator CLI
homepage: https://fluxoperator.dev/
source: https://github.com/controlplaneio-fluxcd/flux-operator
bin: flux-operator
versions:
  - version: 0.45.0
    platforms:
      - os: darwin
        arch: arm64
        url: https://github.com/.../flux-operator_0.45.0_darwin_arm64.tar.gz
        checksum: sha256:cd85d5d84d264...
      - os: linux
        arch: amd64
        url: https://github.com/.../flux-operator_0.45.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
        checksum: sha256:96198da969096...
      - os: windows
        arch: amd64
        url: https://github.com/.../flux-operator_0.45.0_windows_amd64.zip
        checksum: sha256:9712026094a5...
```

The plugin manifest includes metadata (name, description, homepage, source repo), the binary name
(`bin`), and a list of versions with platform-specific download URLs and checksums.

The download URLs can point to one of the following formats:

- An archive containing the binary (`tar`, `tar.gz` or `zip`), with the binary at the root of the archive. The binary name inside the archive must match the `bin` field in the manifest.

> - An optional field `extractPath` can be specified in the `platforms` entry to indicate a subdirectory inside the archive where the binary is located (e.g., `extractPath: bin/flux-operator`). If `extractPath` is not specified, the CLI looks for the binary at the root of the archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An optional `extractPath` field can be specified in a `platforms` entry to override this default, either because the binary has a different name on this platform, or because it is nested in a subfolder rather than at the root of the archive. It accepts an absolute path to a file within the archive (e.g., `bin/flux-operator`).
```
